Recommend setting up rootProject.name (#268)
Kotlin/binary-compatibility-validator: README.md

During the validation phase, that file is compared to the dump extracted from the latest version of the library, 
and any differences between these two files are reported as errors.

Generated ABI dumps include a library name,
so it's [recommended](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/multi_project_builds.html#sec:naming_recommendations) 

> to set Gradle's `rootProject.name` for you library. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to set Gradle's `rootProject.name` for your library. 
```

> Without root project's name being set, Gradle will infer it from project's directory name and that may lead to unstable
> validation behavior due to mismatching names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without declaring the root project's name, Gradle defaults to using the project's directory name, which can lead to 
unstable validation behavior due to potential mismatches in naming.
```
